doc: add documentation for the new debugging feature (#43)
gatling/gatling.io-doc: content/guides/debugging/index.md

```

This can be useful if you run at one user and remove all logging apart from the HTML, and open the file in your browser.

## Using a Java debugger

{{< alert warning >}}
Requires at least:

* Gatling 3.13.4
* gatling-maven-plugin 4.14.0
* gatling-gradle-plugin 3.13.4

{{< /alert >}}

When launching Gatling from maven or gradle, you can attach a debugger so you can execute step-by-step.

### Maven with IntelliJ IDEA

Please check the official [IntelliJ documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/run-debug-configuration-maven.html).

Here are the mandatory steps:

> 1. Click on `Add Configuration` or `Edit Configurations` on the left of the `Run` and `Debug` buttons at the right of the top bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Add Configuration` or `Edit Configurations` to the left of the `Run` and `Debug` buttons on the right side of the top bar.
```

2. Click on the `+` sign and add a new `Maven` configuration
3. Enter `gatling:test -Dgatling.sameProcess=true` in the `Command line` field
4. Click on `Modify` Java Options, select `Add JVM options` and enter `--add-opens=java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED`
5. Click on the `Debug` button to launch

{{< img src="intellij-maven-debug.png" alt="InjelliJ Maven Debug Configuration" >}}

### Gradle with IntelliJ IDEA

Please check the official [IntelliJ documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/run-debug-gradle.html).

Here are the mandatory steps:

> 1. Click on `Add Configuration` or `Edit Configurations` on the left of the `Run` and `Debug` buttons at the right of the top bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on `Add Configuration` or `Edit Configurations` to the left of the `Run` and `Debug` buttons on the right side of the top bar.
```
